remove mention of drivers, which are specific to duffle (#187)
deislabs/cnab-spec: 101-bundle-json.md

## Invocation Images

> The `invocationImages` section describes the images that contain the bootstrapping for the image. The appropriate invocation image is selected by the CNAB runtime, typically by considering the runtime requirements of the bundle. For example, both a Windows and a Linux version of the invocation image may be included in the list. It is up to the CNAB runtime to determine which one to use. If no sufficient image is found, the CNAB runtime MUST emit an error and stop processing.

Reviewer: Actually I just read this again and the first sentence is kind of hard to parse IMO. While we're at it, maybe something like this would be better?

```suggestion
The `invocationImages` section describes the images that are responsible for bootstrapping the installation. The appropriate invocation image is selected by the CNAB runtime, typically by considering the runtime requirements of the bundle. For example, both a Windows and a Linux version of the invocation image may be included in the list. It is up to the CNAB runtime to determine which one to use. If no sufficient image is found, the CNAB runtime MUST emit an error and stop processing.
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think the suggestion makes it a bit easier to understand.

> The `invocationImages` section describes the images that contains the bootstrapping for the image. The appropriate invocation image is selected by the CNAB runtime, typically by considering the runtime requirements of the bundle. For example, both a Windows and a Linux version of the invocation image may be included in the list. It is up to the CNAB runtime to determine which one to use. If no sufficient image is found, the CNAB runtime MUST emit an error and stop processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `invocationImages` section describes the images that contain the bootstrapping for the image. The appropriate invocation image is selected by the CNAB runtime, typically by considering the runtime requirements of the bundle. For example, both a Windows and a Linux version of the invocation image may be included in the list. It is up to the CNAB runtime to determine which one to use. If no sufficient image is found, the CNAB runtime MUST emit an error and stop processing.
```
